feat(unity): Updated migration (#6175)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/unity/migration.mdx

  - /platforms/unity/unity-lite/
---

> ## Migrating to 0.28.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Migrating to 0.28.0

Here are the notable changes when migrating to version 0.28.0.
```
Wanted to add an introductory line so that it's not 3 headings in a row.

### Breaking Changes

> The base classes for the Scriptable Objects used for programmatic configuration have been updated:
> - `Sentry.Unity.ScriptableOptionsConfiguration` changed to `SentryRuntimeOptionsConfiguration`
> - `Sentry.Unity.Editor.ScriptableOptionsConfiguration` changed to `SentryBuildtimeOptionsConfiguration`
> If you make use of the programmatic configuration, you need to update your implementation with those base classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The base classes for the Scriptable Objects used for programmatic configuration have been updated:
- `Sentry.Unity.ScriptableOptionsConfiguration` has been changed to `SentryRuntimeOptionsConfiguration`
- `Sentry.Unity.Editor.ScriptableOptionsConfiguration` has been changed to `SentryBuildtimeOptionsConfiguration`

If you make use of the programmatic configuration, you'll need to update your implementation with these base classes.
```

Learn more in our [options documentation](/platforms/unity/configuration/options/).

## Migrating From 0.7.0 or Earlier

> Starting from version 0.7.0, the SDK is [aliasing](https://blog.sentry.io/2022/02/24/alias-an-approach-to-net-assembly-conflict-resolution) its dependencies. We do this to avoid creating conflicts with other packages. This also means that if you were relying on our dependencies for certain types, then you will have to import them into your project yourself going forward.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from version 0.7.0, the SDK is [aliasing](https://blog.sentry.io/2022/02/24/alias-an-approach-to-net-assembly-conflict-resolution) its dependencies. We do this to avoid creating conflicts with other packages. This also means that if you were relying on our dependencies for certain types, then you'll have to import them into your project yourself going forward.

```
Could you add a descriptor to "certain types" - certain types of what?

Author: Sure thing!

## Migrating From 0.3.0 or Earlier

> The Sentry SDK deprecated the use of a JSON file to store the options in favor of scriptable objects. If you're migrating from version 0.3.0 or older, make sure to upgrade to version 0.15.0 first, as it is the last version supporting your options stored as JSON. When you're opening the Sentry configuration editor window, that file will be automatically converted into a scriptable object. This support will be dropped in version 0.16.0 and going forward.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sentry SDK deprecated the use of JSON files to store options and now uses scriptable objects instead. If you're migrating from version 0.3.0 or older, make sure to upgrade to version 0.15.0 first. It's the last version that supports options stored in JSON format. When you open the Sentry configuration editor window in version 0.15.0, your JSON file will be automatically converted into a scriptable object. This support will be dropped in version 0.16.0 and later.

```
